#summary How to insert the code of CORA algorithm into your custom OpenWRT firmware.

= Introduction =

We are going to explain how to insert CORA algorithm into your custom Openwrt firmware.

== Compiling CORA ==

First of all, we should replace some files. Go to:
{{{
cd (path_to_openwrt)/package/mac80211
}}}

Replace the Makefile for the one in the repository of this project.

Then, copy the file "950-cora-configure.patche" from this projet into de followgin directory:
{{{
(path_to_openwrt)/package/mac80211/patches/
}}}                   

Go to the root dir (path_to_openwrt) and execute:
{{{
make /packages/mac80211/{clean,compile} V=99
}}}

This command will delete all extrated packages from the {{{build_dir}
}}, and will extract the original files again. You will face an compile error claiming that {{{rc80211_cora.o}}} can't be build due to lack of source code. Now you have to copy the CORA source code from this project as shown:
{{{
cp rc80211_cora.h rc80211_cora.c rc80211_cora_debugfs.c             ./openwrt/build_dir/linux-ar71xx/compat-wireless-2010-10-19/net/mac80211/
}}}

Try recompile the package:
{{{
make /packages/mac80211/compile V=99
}}}
    
This is probably going to work!

== Installing new packages into RSPro ==

Copy the packages files into your RSPro device:
{{{
cd (path_to_openwrt)/bin/ar71xx/packages/
scp kmod-ath_2.6.32.25+2010-10-19-1_ar71xx.ipk kmod-ath5k_2.6.32.25+2010-10-19-1_ar71xx.ipk kmod-cfg80211_2.6.32.25+2010-10-19-1_ar71xx.ipk kmod-mac80211_2.6.32.25+2010-10-19-1_ar71xx.ipk <<user>>@<<rspro_ip>>
}}}

Install them in the device using:
{{{
opkg install *.ipk
}}}

Reboot your router. 
Be careful! If something went wrong, your router will be Unreachable!